they are those start out there
all thought out for sure yeah
they're all that out they need
working on now that it's
freezing outside it's good to
clear the freezer of all the
terrible we've got probably put
some more efficient they're
gonna have to leave the door
open because if you don't have a
breeze this will turn moldy and
if we leave the door open and
close the front door and this
will freeze really well i'm
pretty sure the dogs will get to
it could have left to meet them
oh yeah this'll get us by until
it freezes solid outside anyway
think we got plenty
we got plenty from this summer
to these bowls we got earlier in
the month here and I do is
plenty fine and plenty of
caribou we hadn't spent the
whole summer gathering food and
earlier this month catching
these caribou here then we'd be
screwed you have enough meat no
one's making some dinner so
dinners just about done
let's go check it out now we're
going with the meat
she's some caribou ass and race
it's going to dip you gonna
definitely
that should be good enough for
everybody
thank you for cooking all the
witcher yeah good teamwork
this is like a pig skin but it's
not just terrible that crispy
here with that
yeah